patch: replace "CloudOS" for "Lifebit Platform" mentions (#311)
lifebit-ai/cloudos-cli: README.md

Reviewer: I've suggested a few, but there are too many: `Lifebit Platfrom CLI` -> wrong. Correct is `CloudOS CLI`.

## Requirements

> Lifebit Platform CLI requires Python 3.9 or higher and several key dependencies for API communication, data processing, and user interface functionality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CloudOS CLI requires Python 3.9 or higher and several key dependencies for API communication, data processing, and user interface functionality.
```

## Installation

> Lifebit Platform CLI can be installed in multiple ways depending on your needs and environment. Choose the method that best fits your workflow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CloudOS CLI can be installed in multiple ways depending on your needs and environment. Choose the method that best fits your workflow.
```

pip install cloudos-cli
```

> To update Lifebit Platform CLI to the latest version using pip, you can run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To update CloudOS CLI to the latest version using pip, you can run:
```
